clarify context scope support requirement (#309)
HL7/smart-app-launch: fsh/ig-data/input/pages/scopes-and-launch-context.md

### Standalone apps

Standalone apps that launch outside the EHR do not have any EHR context at the outset. These apps must explicitly request EHR context. The EHR SHOULD provide the requested context if requested by the following scopes, unless otherwise noted:

#### Requesting context with scopes

Requested Scope | Meaning
---------|-------------------

> `launch/patient` | Need patient context at launch time (FHIR Patient resource). The EHR SHALL provide patient context if `launch/patient` is requested together with `patient/` data scopes (e.g., `patient/*.*`).

Author: ```suggestion
`launch/patient` | Need patient context at launch time (FHIR Patient resource). The EHR SHALL be capable of providing  patient context, and SHOULD do so if `launch/patient` is requested together with `patient/` data scopes (e.g., `patient/*.*`).
```
